# Mental-Health-in-Tech-Survey-
Business Objective:  
The World Health Organization (WHO) has defined “mental health” as the condition of a person who is able to handle his/her stress in life according to his/her ability, but is still able to work normally and productively as well as contribute to the society. We are interested in how mental health is viewed within the tech/IT workplace. We measure attitudes towards mental health in the tech workplace, and examine the frequency of mental health disorders among tech workers. To generate self-awareness among employees about mental health issues. To know how serious mental health issues are taken into consideration. The main goal of this project is to predict the influence of various factors on the mental health of an employee and get a basic idea of how the mental health of the employees is viewed and find the attitude of the management of the company.  
The burden of mental health disorders on health and productivity has long been underestimated. Employers have tended to take the view that work and/or the workplace are not etiological factors in mental health problems. However, whatever the causal factors, the mental health difficulties can affect an individual’s functional and working capacity in numerous ways. Depending on an individual’s age at the onset of a mental health problem, his or her working capacity can be significantly reduced. In the workplace, this can lead to absenteeism, require sick leave, and reduce productivity. In the United Kingdom, for example, 80 million days are lost every year due to mental illnesses, costing employers £1-2 billion each year.   
In general, the traditional methods of mental health detection normally use face-to-face interviews, self-reporting, or questionnaire distribution. Many people refrain themselves from visiting the doctors due to the stigma around mental health issues. Now a days ML algorithms are used for mental illness diagnostics. It helps the person to understand better about their mental health.  
Supervised learning classification algorithms are used to learns from sample data and associated target responses that can consist of class, in order to later predict the correct response when posed with new entries.  
2. Data Description and Pre-Process
